Update Cloud Reference for minor upgrades feature (#44)
crate/cloud-reference: docs/glossary.rst

    :ref:`User roles <user-roles>`

.. _gloss-version:

Versions
--------

> CrateDB uses a versioning system with three levels of versioning: major

Reviewer: you could optionally make a reference to the [Semver](https://semver.org/) versioning system here that might already be familiar to some users.

So something like 

```suggestion
CrateDB uses a semantic versioning system, known as [Semver](https://semver.org/).  This system comprises  three levels of versioning: major
```

versions, minor versions, and patch versions. (Versions can also be referred to

> as releases.) These apply also to CrateDB Cloud clusters.

Reviewer: I am wondering if this line is a little ambiguous and could suggest to some users that we version the CrateDB Cloud software in the same way. Could this offer a bit more clarity?

```suggestion
as releases.) We support upgrading the CrateDB version that your cluster is running .

Author: Good point. I'll rephrase that

A major version of CrateDB is a release that includes significant changes in
features, performance, and/or supported operations that are not backwards
compatible with any previous version. It is indicated by the first numeral in
the versioning sequence, i.e. the 4 in 'version 4.6.7'.

A minor version of CrateDB is a release that includes substantial changes in
features, performance, and/or supported operations compared to the previous
such version. It is indicated by the second numeral in the versioning sequence,
e.g. the 6 in 'version 4.6.7'. You can upgrade minor versions yourself in the
CrateDB Cloud Console under
:ref:`Cluster Preferences <overview-cluster-settings-upgrade>`.

A patch version of CrateDB is a release that includes bug fixes and smaller
quality of life improvements compared to the previous such version. It is
indicated by the third numeral in the versioning sequence, e.g. the 7 in
'version 4.6.7'. You can upgrade patch versions yourself in the CrateDB Cloud
Console under :ref:`Cluster Preferences <overview-cluster-settings-upgrade>`.

.. SEEALSO::

> 

Reviewer: I am wondering if we should explain that we only support  upgrading only one minor version at a time?

Author: I do mention that in the Console Overview section it links to - it just seemed to me that it's not really relevant for the glossary. But you can argue it either way
